README.md, before:

![Jekyll site CI](https://github.com/SchoolOfFreelancing/BackOffice/workflows/Jekyll%20site%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/SchoolOfFreelancing/Freelancing-On-Linux/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/SchoolOfFreelancing/Freelancing-On-Linux/tree/main)

## Linux System Administration – Hands-On Training for Freelancers

## Guaranteed Income Based On Two Conditions
1) Attend all training regularly and don't leave training due to personal issue or any technical glitches
2) You need to purchase the necessary bids/connects on the freelance marketplace to apply jobs

## Training Details:
- Training: Freelancing on Linux
- Format: Hands-on, Practical Training 
- Duration: 180 hours over six months
- Fee: $600 
- Target Marketplace: Guru, Freelancer, Upwork

## Training Prerequisite
🏋️ Candidates need at least two years of computer using experience, strong English skills, and fast typing. Dedication, patience, and focus are essential for training.

🖥 A powerful desktop computer is needed with at least 300GB SSD and 16GB RAM (32GB/500GB preferred). Reliable fiber internet with real IP, stable power, server, domain, a valid government-issued ID, and portable devices for instant communication are essential.

Before enrolling, please confirm that this training program aligns with your freelancing goals and that you're prepared for remote learning.

## Training Pipeline
[Session 01](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17XTxh_9XgJ4--37dLbIe8ZNkr416ThnypsMwPjbb_nU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 02](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13iPvZZvilKKCK0To08sWtHG2O1IZgIOpVZP-erq8UR0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 03](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kk92VyZVxz9zrBzhluFVAceUDpKaYLnVV40WmMZvh7M/edit?usp=sharing) | 
[Session 04](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVCZK948WGCmmNzrNNn_xdFUgvMRF-ZP2JBksvbrPRA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 05](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jrb2prwEBlkotss_Xv09hI83W_Z9XP0tIrAoLYNmKnw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 06](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kUpBhSco_fw-lS-yKOLJNwU4DH5UZBfSPo4prfX3bQE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 07](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7OMhgAMd88gTBgWKj4m6Hn6HdhyBkoPB-6upS7G_Iw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 08](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pfzpxxqv8_bfmn5YZ7evcLxmjR2_9WQzUsaxrYImg-Y/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 09](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a7YUcV_b3kxSz7_egMOh6e2VcM9cE0X4q8Rw7CRwNsQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 10](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RxQ2RRDnRac60MnZEFUkenbNvyHG9sMv2IrVajtRIm4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 11](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A9YpgJVa1AuSIRCjOW6QvdEBZzmB9HQKgPrANSsz1H8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 12](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15wrZuqa7j2YOOT6YRqwCj33IcIvYrCHktiOIP0SI_P8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 13](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yvnSm3bSsmBMBqimPHdh-9qBadA5Pj5zZ1qvKjU2epU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 14](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iCH40SqEKg4MsadrEjlK2QdkZjYGSsP_EFTxDi7CPEc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 15](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uuHGpmp01bla2fUSlblfqA9AQUJJeBAp3BL2-yESkMY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 16](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nZn95BbcOTpgJlQNGCMWICGLdXojm3DEdG2aZOrYCxk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 17](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qhr9CE262__1SWRIE6l3kIbiOSIU2QyGjCYjU85rLiQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 18](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TOfdEsGbqxzrzRc9gchotJZE0ejshFNR41QmR3iSETY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 19](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M0-EQnZDd7fVZIWDfzL_BGkTr5lrHIHcTOzTZ458bf8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 20](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IPgWvP10jpPyLa06olLULmmI7A0NOMnNnsODDETpx7k/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 21](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zKDerKzduabg4_zI88HcMxsWd_qwmiHkmFjHsmitEXo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 22](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hTaQSo6MWSDQDwTLitAXc3z9TpZvC_EVnCqMeCh5w8M/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BerFJvhUNjZTWZ1SkeicG28U34u-cDQKEr-uab7qJGc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8MozrUWp6YzHvsozv7foVX2SjK-0q6janYdmyActdM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 25](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rraVirPpjjj1hPzygWf9hBv9-0d1Dm-zBc8XQ5J80nc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 26](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_l-CnyePn6zHd08xoyEi2jGsaAPDXptCzj3jJn9-BE0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 27](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19J49vklobxM3ITNyiag-vWpkzNcpVZQ--RgG6V4lLHk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 28](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kJC9AHz8h3U-4q7Z3ezFFmDMhbtVr9f-DK0INrgU0Nw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 29](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YkK40WR5AGZkhyLpvrUKh-K6zwEz7cU8AjAiMmVoGho/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 30](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RLgm0bXpuYGctXw6ceC4fvgr7mBhRVj0AquwhWNhxLE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 31](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1frq_8LVLuJqwT4O5MzeMpuaPKx2NDTAT65sJrvje6iI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 32](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Beb2WhCJkCB7JHi37830dWvuTT1-aSaiMGz5nvwctM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 33](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19OzGrJbEFiRyZ-ULDRc343vjZv3T6qovLMUDPWg1WyQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 34](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6g5F7-S2W2jI6WEvH_wxj1vYkA8jbl0v9cuYpYUfTQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 35](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xd6Op7Ru604vOr2fwtS154xivJ6bVH3UNUKPQgW8y60/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 36](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IFki_c0atrgsDmw4_oQe8z-hP9pDsyYZrvjvlKD9q_I/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 37](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15bednCwtjWudLk2V9ePlJeINnFIXiYOzfrJHdrxvskE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 38](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ef2Tg4pFVAsGdbm2QRpTAqvVYL4jZFPAVkyl5m_EBfo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 39](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qZklM7C8_ZTAN5l347FI63ctT_NZo2pP_yVZCOQykoc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 40](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DRZxQD0Ovq9PhdbyIPZjD7HVoMpKproldPmbbRF8B74/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 41](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V0OkBO9XWV4-hN9Q-XtsYSxKjC__SNkpPcFXgKnBdMM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 42](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dJGjdk3p1eVF7KXe6oiWzeNJDD64gKCK0RfnJ4gI3Qs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 43](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18sQR2-JsWdxo5XreFbAkoxrmKuflq8VmmutNhe-ewAo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 44](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lQbPCB9GXFLqoQTSOURuHV_bV76QWmxBxUJMEg6zHW0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 45](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YW67fmdooqWk1YhMCiSMUosaPVcCcxKYnFwqf3lF1ac/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 46](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ndLTPm922fQIrbylqdQGwHeZPbCwDZ_pmMbL3qzBIaY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 47](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12f4jPqZuwxZ_Ka2G06bE0EhKyQssKKenuWp-upeGRbA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 48](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R8ZspSfmLFrGkQqyFzIsQ3RJ5FeLntwWrtIYxO_fdUI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 49](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KtPAw7T32gH3O2G-joRxhzWtZhtHauLpX8WVfrPFk1g/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 50](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V-F6J_VGxj_TIHuxCCVFuiow7rY5hGRMxHGMiVI24sE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 51](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RR776TIxnEvK2G7f_H68mGxOsuLrxxWsIfuePKHjd30/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 52](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dzIeC3d05buSzMB_HIjS8J6cYx7EQz3Nd5aJnSAskSU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 53](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMXYVJ7S6b131GYYKFwZlS6mXDpFM0ln_wpCrJcHkr8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 54](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v8KUnAoE_dLSDGhm4cqNrZgvxMZcz2224Bmpqckl3Gc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 55](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1APLXATdBfQUjDg3c0JUPP86DQ1xxhn6U-mcYX8v9o1w/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 56](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hbSu7iRs6y8B7_fax8U4pm856XWMzQLn_x0kUEGE_NY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 57](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12L8WLMEt-ouXaXmqW37aIhK9fm5oWyWlJv37WXSK5wU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 58](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sCGktjwKLVI10NcYk13qxSwA0HxFPoGeS-i3y5u_EQg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 59](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AH36RV-E2aLUq2zJKRTFYjM0s4a8CV3cddD49u3a20E/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 60](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EFjYI6URniN20EM3sszQZmOCrDG8aiS8TRggqAnvFHY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 61](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18azs1XQ6u9CwJDm_Cw-1acIrjgT57LwHtTpVA-9_puM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 62](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kV6H972MmdH78H7mmmnevBIn7DxOvRIPuNRU1yiA_Ck/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 63](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tjp2txX6lLwJka9Cp7ieRhUwv9PAKJm4Bx9vWVbNXq4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 64](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4mbrTOD2GqceGGrR_bHmZ2DNCLF2MgVnsjbZeywi8k/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 65](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18HdeVZO-Yj0LTWhL_xcDoQWtw7p5aubdUsx1hqbQugg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 66](https://docs.google.com/document/d/125HohqUjeJwf0oQtGmeWNER4ABr1Xv-yjqqHvqKq5GY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 67](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Od4Kdxmc-mNIS-itvF5fGuxKDiy3BEXxnbkxMuH5Neo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 68](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Squz9N45zwkH5feWUPPGBU7gB8xOmOOyZRQcZAQG3AY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 69](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oR1nsZqwaFQ3jjQ5Tp48VWnUZ-VQAneiLKsZ0DGKj3E/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 70](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T8bK7xKfd7ytKLmyFZ5_kGCFpD-Egh6R8wM6eFitaQU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 71](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YY3GEPwyj8a7ymjrZemLg-d2y2hjPbsD4Ns7Z4i8YLs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 72](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y_jOdJ-IN2BFGLaNcnSgUCHjEAK7l_4HJK0PgehSdwA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 73](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cWM73B3klwjLVzURPV7a5tufCsb3QkgA3RCMyrMOids/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 74](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eu1RSQNK6xTtUecHROorExgoPFb0KyYsVQBBcSB8aYI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 75](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXCmFfBfS3tpf_j77KCXWTMUkAXDKU0fnk62HMGyfIs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 76](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cNuvN4iDoMoN7XMzDGQXqnzfqx0XlatUYyVgP-UBBt0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 77](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sGfybGBh8a9G1cBIPIMbdFlKmebnDVvUXA37B-d5KAo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 78](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GoehAJp-KHohj0Izx85hc_7Nuwy6ICyD7EF9Qq9GKTk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 79](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jXujRKcXV7z53shUcEooAHC15JnE_GK1xDKW6HdUWAw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 80](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15XKuF6bBkrVPlEz0T106zYgo_q1FLKcyweVO25DlhyQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 81](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D2NNVxQY15ZAm9bqRCCcG7lCsloNQIh4sqCnTCqQqp4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 82](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LLr0dIceY9jXM9TsLwsEabFEY3pDXHPqxgOFAu_J0u8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 83](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10aC7qNwXqL7dr_UwDdUftee-y7kJ40m5rXJAidf1S5c/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 84](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GhA6hZbIojORlcLw8bnREzKdCHY-3fTgcIZiK-3Cw5Y/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 85](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p8wjNs2_5LPyK0da3g-41B4_qCw3n8apirtNYGH9QoY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 86](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kSMYwm86SYfre_yjUwjEU9bg8QR-cRdV2MIb7AkYDTg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 87](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15OqgWmAY6X7eM9brkKxul9v9es27gxxsTIVhhzQUUZo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 88](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZdEwBOcLgHhbj4c793m9ZesQ0G7tOKn7yjNqr6C2eDs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 89](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Odd0vGlzsbvofGBQAuPaWqYHAQ93_uBx1jtWGfgeTbI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 90](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-s46iGGrjwTVECCoF-6sgV8sobj_Ql1Aj5_h2VziSl0/edit?usp=sharing)

Pay using [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/ncp/payment/J5F7BS5QZMWGJ) | [bKash](https://shop.bkash.com/school-of-freelancing018907576/pay/bdt60000/cLNdZh) | [Wise](https://www.wise.com/) 

Trainees must complete 100% of the training and earn a 5-star feedback rating on at least one marketplace. Our mentors will assist trainees in completing their first job but not subsequent ones during this training 🚀

If you are looking for success on the most prominent freelance marketplaces? [Join this training](https://forms.gle/hkyz9uR2Z8WVPUPH7) 

## Digital Presence
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/school-of-freelancing)
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SchoolOfFreelancing)
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/schooloffreelancing)
[Threads](https://www.threads.net/@schooloffreelancing)
[YouTube](https://youtu.be/bbJCBn_vUzs) 
[PiNet Brainstorm](https://brainstorm.pinet.com/project/66eac4846833d5003cb3ba54)

## A Successful Student Profiles
[Website](https://www.rakibulinux.com/)
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@rakibulinux/videos)
[Freelancer](https://www.freelancer.com/u/rakibulinux)
[Upwork](https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~0153f4b81fd98956f2)
[GitHub](https://github.com/rakibulinux/)

## Gets Started
[Telegram](https://t.me/SchoolOfFreelancingTraining)

Commit message:

Revise training prerequisites and system requirements
Updated system and participation requirements for training.

Signed-off-by: Masum <linuxguns@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

![Jekyll site CI](https://github.com/SchoolOfFreelancing/BackOffice/workflows/Jekyll%20site%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/SchoolOfFreelancing/Freelancing-On-Linux/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/SchoolOfFreelancing/Freelancing-On-Linux/tree/main)

## Linux System Administration – Hands-On Training for Freelancers

## Guaranteed Income Based On Two Conditions
1) Attend all training regularly and don't leave training due to personal issue or any technical glitches
2) You need to purchase the necessary bids/connects on the freelance marketplace to apply jobs

## Training Details:
- Training: Freelancing on Linux
- Format: Hands-on, Practical Training 
- Duration: 180 hours over six months
- Fee: $600 
- Target Marketplace: Guru, Freelancer, Upwork

## System & Participation Requirements:
An Ubuntu Desktop (24.04/26.04 LTS) PC requires a 64-bit dual-core processor (4 GHz), a minimum of 8 GB RAM (16 GB recommended), and at least 200 GB of available disk space. Participants must have a reliable fiber-optic internet connection with a real IP address or server access, a registered domain, a valid government-issued ID, and portable devices to support instant communication with clients.

Before enrolling, please confirm that this training program aligns with your freelancing goals and that you're prepared for remote learning.

## Training Pipeline
[Session 01](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17XTxh_9XgJ4--37dLbIe8ZNkr416ThnypsMwPjbb_nU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 02](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13iPvZZvilKKCK0To08sWtHG2O1IZgIOpVZP-erq8UR0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 03](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kk92VyZVxz9zrBzhluFVAceUDpKaYLnVV40WmMZvh7M/edit?usp=sharing) | 
[Session 04](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PVCZK948WGCmmNzrNNn_xdFUgvMRF-ZP2JBksvbrPRA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 05](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jrb2prwEBlkotss_Xv09hI83W_Z9XP0tIrAoLYNmKnw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 06](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kUpBhSco_fw-lS-yKOLJNwU4DH5UZBfSPo4prfX3bQE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 07](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O7OMhgAMd88gTBgWKj4m6Hn6HdhyBkoPB-6upS7G_Iw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 08](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pfzpxxqv8_bfmn5YZ7evcLxmjR2_9WQzUsaxrYImg-Y/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 09](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a7YUcV_b3kxSz7_egMOh6e2VcM9cE0X4q8Rw7CRwNsQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 10](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RxQ2RRDnRac60MnZEFUkenbNvyHG9sMv2IrVajtRIm4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 11](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A9YpgJVa1AuSIRCjOW6QvdEBZzmB9HQKgPrANSsz1H8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 12](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15wrZuqa7j2YOOT6YRqwCj33IcIvYrCHktiOIP0SI_P8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 13](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yvnSm3bSsmBMBqimPHdh-9qBadA5Pj5zZ1qvKjU2epU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 14](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iCH40SqEKg4MsadrEjlK2QdkZjYGSsP_EFTxDi7CPEc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 15](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uuHGpmp01bla2fUSlblfqA9AQUJJeBAp3BL2-yESkMY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 16](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nZn95BbcOTpgJlQNGCMWICGLdXojm3DEdG2aZOrYCxk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 17](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qhr9CE262__1SWRIE6l3kIbiOSIU2QyGjCYjU85rLiQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 18](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TOfdEsGbqxzrzRc9gchotJZE0ejshFNR41QmR3iSETY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 19](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M0-EQnZDd7fVZIWDfzL_BGkTr5lrHIHcTOzTZ458bf8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 20](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IPgWvP10jpPyLa06olLULmmI7A0NOMnNnsODDETpx7k/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 21](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zKDerKzduabg4_zI88HcMxsWd_qwmiHkmFjHsmitEXo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 22](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hTaQSo6MWSDQDwTLitAXc3z9TpZvC_EVnCqMeCh5w8M/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BerFJvhUNjZTWZ1SkeicG28U34u-cDQKEr-uab7qJGc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E8MozrUWp6YzHvsozv7foVX2SjK-0q6janYdmyActdM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 25](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rraVirPpjjj1hPzygWf9hBv9-0d1Dm-zBc8XQ5J80nc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 26](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_l-CnyePn6zHd08xoyEi2jGsaAPDXptCzj3jJn9-BE0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 27](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19J49vklobxM3ITNyiag-vWpkzNcpVZQ--RgG6V4lLHk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 28](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kJC9AHz8h3U-4q7Z3ezFFmDMhbtVr9f-DK0INrgU0Nw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 29](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YkK40WR5AGZkhyLpvrUKh-K6zwEz7cU8AjAiMmVoGho/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 30](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RLgm0bXpuYGctXw6ceC4fvgr7mBhRVj0AquwhWNhxLE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 31](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1frq_8LVLuJqwT4O5MzeMpuaPKx2NDTAT65sJrvje6iI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 32](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Beb2WhCJkCB7JHi37830dWvuTT1-aSaiMGz5nvwctM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 33](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19OzGrJbEFiRyZ-ULDRc343vjZv3T6qovLMUDPWg1WyQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 34](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6g5F7-S2W2jI6WEvH_wxj1vYkA8jbl0v9cuYpYUfTQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 35](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xd6Op7Ru604vOr2fwtS154xivJ6bVH3UNUKPQgW8y60/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 36](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IFki_c0atrgsDmw4_oQe8z-hP9pDsyYZrvjvlKD9q_I/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 37](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15bednCwtjWudLk2V9ePlJeINnFIXiYOzfrJHdrxvskE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 38](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ef2Tg4pFVAsGdbm2QRpTAqvVYL4jZFPAVkyl5m_EBfo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 39](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qZklM7C8_ZTAN5l347FI63ctT_NZo2pP_yVZCOQykoc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 40](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DRZxQD0Ovq9PhdbyIPZjD7HVoMpKproldPmbbRF8B74/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 41](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V0OkBO9XWV4-hN9Q-XtsYSxKjC__SNkpPcFXgKnBdMM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 42](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dJGjdk3p1eVF7KXe6oiWzeNJDD64gKCK0RfnJ4gI3Qs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 43](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18sQR2-JsWdxo5XreFbAkoxrmKuflq8VmmutNhe-ewAo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 44](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lQbPCB9GXFLqoQTSOURuHV_bV76QWmxBxUJMEg6zHW0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 45](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YW67fmdooqWk1YhMCiSMUosaPVcCcxKYnFwqf3lF1ac/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 46](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ndLTPm922fQIrbylqdQGwHeZPbCwDZ_pmMbL3qzBIaY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 47](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12f4jPqZuwxZ_Ka2G06bE0EhKyQssKKenuWp-upeGRbA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 48](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R8ZspSfmLFrGkQqyFzIsQ3RJ5FeLntwWrtIYxO_fdUI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 49](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KtPAw7T32gH3O2G-joRxhzWtZhtHauLpX8WVfrPFk1g/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 50](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V-F6J_VGxj_TIHuxCCVFuiow7rY5hGRMxHGMiVI24sE/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 51](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RR776TIxnEvK2G7f_H68mGxOsuLrxxWsIfuePKHjd30/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 52](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dzIeC3d05buSzMB_HIjS8J6cYx7EQz3Nd5aJnSAskSU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 53](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMXYVJ7S6b131GYYKFwZlS6mXDpFM0ln_wpCrJcHkr8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 54](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v8KUnAoE_dLSDGhm4cqNrZgvxMZcz2224Bmpqckl3Gc/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 55](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1APLXATdBfQUjDg3c0JUPP86DQ1xxhn6U-mcYX8v9o1w/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 56](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hbSu7iRs6y8B7_fax8U4pm856XWMzQLn_x0kUEGE_NY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 57](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12L8WLMEt-ouXaXmqW37aIhK9fm5oWyWlJv37WXSK5wU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 58](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sCGktjwKLVI10NcYk13qxSwA0HxFPoGeS-i3y5u_EQg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 59](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AH36RV-E2aLUq2zJKRTFYjM0s4a8CV3cddD49u3a20E/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 60](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EFjYI6URniN20EM3sszQZmOCrDG8aiS8TRggqAnvFHY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 61](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18azs1XQ6u9CwJDm_Cw-1acIrjgT57LwHtTpVA-9_puM/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 62](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kV6H972MmdH78H7mmmnevBIn7DxOvRIPuNRU1yiA_Ck/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 63](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tjp2txX6lLwJka9Cp7ieRhUwv9PAKJm4Bx9vWVbNXq4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 64](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4mbrTOD2GqceGGrR_bHmZ2DNCLF2MgVnsjbZeywi8k/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 65](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18HdeVZO-Yj0LTWhL_xcDoQWtw7p5aubdUsx1hqbQugg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 66](https://docs.google.com/document/d/125HohqUjeJwf0oQtGmeWNER4ABr1Xv-yjqqHvqKq5GY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 67](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Od4Kdxmc-mNIS-itvF5fGuxKDiy3BEXxnbkxMuH5Neo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 68](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Squz9N45zwkH5feWUPPGBU7gB8xOmOOyZRQcZAQG3AY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 69](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oR1nsZqwaFQ3jjQ5Tp48VWnUZ-VQAneiLKsZ0DGKj3E/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 70](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T8bK7xKfd7ytKLmyFZ5_kGCFpD-Egh6R8wM6eFitaQU/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 71](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YY3GEPwyj8a7ymjrZemLg-d2y2hjPbsD4Ns7Z4i8YLs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 72](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Y_jOdJ-IN2BFGLaNcnSgUCHjEAK7l_4HJK0PgehSdwA/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 73](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cWM73B3klwjLVzURPV7a5tufCsb3QkgA3RCMyrMOids/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 74](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eu1RSQNK6xTtUecHROorExgoPFb0KyYsVQBBcSB8aYI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 75](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXCmFfBfS3tpf_j77KCXWTMUkAXDKU0fnk62HMGyfIs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 76](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cNuvN4iDoMoN7XMzDGQXqnzfqx0XlatUYyVgP-UBBt0/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 77](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sGfybGBh8a9G1cBIPIMbdFlKmebnDVvUXA37B-d5KAo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 78](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GoehAJp-KHohj0Izx85hc_7Nuwy6ICyD7EF9Qq9GKTk/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 79](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jXujRKcXV7z53shUcEooAHC15JnE_GK1xDKW6HdUWAw/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 80](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15XKuF6bBkrVPlEz0T106zYgo_q1FLKcyweVO25DlhyQ/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 81](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D2NNVxQY15ZAm9bqRCCcG7lCsloNQIh4sqCnTCqQqp4/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 82](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LLr0dIceY9jXM9TsLwsEabFEY3pDXHPqxgOFAu_J0u8/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 83](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10aC7qNwXqL7dr_UwDdUftee-y7kJ40m5rXJAidf1S5c/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 84](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GhA6hZbIojORlcLw8bnREzKdCHY-3fTgcIZiK-3Cw5Y/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 85](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p8wjNs2_5LPyK0da3g-41B4_qCw3n8apirtNYGH9QoY/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 86](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kSMYwm86SYfre_yjUwjEU9bg8QR-cRdV2MIb7AkYDTg/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 87](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15OqgWmAY6X7eM9brkKxul9v9es27gxxsTIVhhzQUUZo/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 88](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZdEwBOcLgHhbj4c793m9ZesQ0G7tOKn7yjNqr6C2eDs/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 89](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Odd0vGlzsbvofGBQAuPaWqYHAQ93_uBx1jtWGfgeTbI/edit?usp=sharing) |
[Session 90](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-s46iGGrjwTVECCoF-6sgV8sobj_Ql1Aj5_h2VziSl0/edit?usp=sharing)

Pay using [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/ncp/payment/J5F7BS5QZMWGJ) | [bKash](https://shop.bkash.com/school-of-freelancing018907576/pay/bdt60000/cLNdZh) | [Wise](https://www.wise.com/) 

Trainees must complete 100% of the training and earn a 5-star feedback rating on at least one marketplace. Our mentors will assist trainees in completing their first job but not subsequent ones during this training 🚀

If you are looking for success on the most prominent freelance marketplaces? [Join this training](https://forms.gle/hkyz9uR2Z8WVPUPH7) 

## Digital Presence
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/school-of-freelancing)
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/SchoolOfFreelancing)
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/schooloffreelancing)
[Threads](https://www.threads.net/@schooloffreelancing)
[YouTube](https://youtu.be/bbJCBn_vUzs) 
[PiNet Brainstorm](https://brainstorm.pinet.com/project/66eac4846833d5003cb3ba54)

## A Successful Student Profiles
[Website](https://www.rakibulinux.com/)
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@rakibulinux/videos)
[Freelancer](https://www.freelancer.com/u/rakibulinux)
[Upwork](https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~0153f4b81fd98956f2)
[GitHub](https://github.com/rakibulinux/)

## Gets Started
[Telegram](https://t.me/SchoolOfFreelancingTraining)
